DBZ-8635 Document Qdrant sink (#6465)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/operations/debezium-server.adoc

|===

> ==== Qdrant Sink

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Qdrant Sink
```
Adding this comment for consistency, because moving forward third level headings and higher are not supported in the downstream documentation. However, I realize that we probably can't implement this suggestion ATM, because, in context, this heading must remain parallel with the other sink topic headings. We'll have to rework this in the future if we productize the server.

|===
|Property
|Default
|Description

|[[qdrant-type]]<<qdrant-type, `debezium.sink.type`>>
|
|Specifies the type of sink.
Must be set to `qdrant`.

|[[qdrant-host]]<<qdrant-host, `debezium.sink.qdrant.host`>>
|_localhost_
|(Optional) The hostname to access the Qdrant database instance.

|[[qdrant-port]]<<qdrant-port, `debezium.sink.qdrant.port`>>
|_6333_
|(Optional) The port to access the Qdrant database instance.

|[[qdrant-api-key]]<<qdrant-api-key, `debezium.sink.qdrant.api.key`>>
|
|(Optional) The API key used to authenticate to access the Qdrant database instance.

|[[qdrant-vector-field-names]]<<qdrant-vector-field-names, `debezium.sink.qdrant.vector.field.names`>>
|
|(Optional) Comma-separated list of `collection-name:field-name` pairs to explicitly define which vector field should be used for given collection. +
This is mandatory for source tables/collections with more than one vector field.

|[[qdrant-field-include-list]]<<qdrant-field-include-list, `debezium.sink.qdrant.field.include.list.<collection-name>`>>
|
|(Optional) Comma-separated list of a subset of field names for given collection that will form the Qdrant collection payload.

|===

> ===== Injection points

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Injection points
```
Again, flagging this for awareness; we'll have to reevaluate the structure of the server doc to eliminate third/fourth/fifth level headings at some future point.

> You can modify the behavior of the Qdrant sink connector by applying custom logic that provides alternative implementations for specific functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To modify connector behavior, you can apply custom logic to specify alternative implementations for certain functions.
```

> If the alternative implementations are not available, the connector uses the default implementations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you specify implementations that are not available, the connector uses the default implementations.
```

[cols="35%a,10%a,55%a",options="header"]
|===
|Interface
|CDI classifier
|Description

|[[qdrant-ext-client]]<<qdrant-ext-client, `io.qdrant.client.QdrantClient`>>
|`@CustomConsumerBuilder`
|An instance of a custom `QdrantClient` client that is configured to access target collections.

|[[qdrant-ext-stream-name-mapper]]<<qdrant-ext-stream-name-mapper, `io.debezium.server.StreamNameMapper`>>

> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|No default value.
```
